README.md, before:

# IrssiX Module Collection

These are a collection of perl modules under the `IrssiX::` namespace which
provide various additional functionality for use in Irssi scripts.

## Description

The goal of this collection is to enable easier and richer scripting for the
[Irssi](//irssi.org) IRC client, by abstracting away some of the complexity, and
smoothing over some of the scripting API's sharp corners.


## Installation

Eventually, it will be available as a CPAN distribution for your deployment
pleasure.

For now, you currently need [Dist::Zilla](http://dzil.org/) to do the
various magicks. Once you've got that, a simple

`$ dzil install` 

is all that is needed.

## Modules

* `IrssiX::Async` - *Description*
* `IrssiX::Settings` - *Description*
* `IrssiX::Util` - *Description*

## License & Authors

The original modules (`IrssiX::Async`, `IrssiX::Util`, and `IrssiX::Settings`)
are copyright &copy; 2011 Lukas Mai.
*TODO: Add links to modules and first commit here*

The remainder of the collection, and modifications to the originals, are
 copyright &copy; 2011 Tom Feist

All of the files within this collection, are released for use, redistribution,
and modification under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

The details of the latest version of the license are available at
[the GNU website](//www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html), and the current license is
supplied with this collection, in the files *lgpl-3.0.txt* and *gpl-3.0.txt*.

Commit message:

update readme with clarification of non-mineness of code.

README.md, after:

# IrssiX Module Collection

These are a collection of perl modules under the `IrssiX::` namespace which
provide various additional functionality for use in Irssi scripts. Original
inspiration, and (the overwhelmingly vast) majority of the code written by
[Lukas Mai](http://mauke.hopto.org/stuff/irssi/lib/IrssiX/)
(`mauke@irc.freenode.org/#irssi`).  __Eventually I'll get round to adding
the functionality I have in mind, but right now the best place to fetch this
code from is http://mauke.hopto.org/stuff/irssi/lib/IrssiX__ This is just a repo
for my convenience.

## Description

The goal of this collection is to enable easier and richer scripting for the
[Irssi](//irssi.org) IRC client, by abstracting away some of the complexity, and
smoothing over some of the scripting API's sharp corners.


## Installation

Eventually, it will be available as a CPAN distribution for your deployment
pleasure.

For now, you currently need [Dist::Zilla](http://dzil.org/) to do the
various magicks. Once you've got that, a simple

`$ dzil install` 

is all that is needed.

## Modules

* `IrssiX::Async` - *Description*
* `IrssiX::Settings` - *Description*
* `IrssiX::Util` - *Description*

## License & Authors

The original modules (`IrssiX::Async`, `IrssiX::Util`, and `IrssiX::Settings`)
are copyright &copy; 2011 Lukas Mai.
*TODO: Add links to modules and first commit here*

The remainder of the collection, and modifications to the originals, are
 copyright &copy; 2011 Tom Feist

All of the files within this collection, are released for use, redistribution,
and modification under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

The details of the latest version of the license are available at
[the GNU website](//www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html), and the current license is
supplied with this collection, in the files *lgpl-3.0.txt* and *gpl-3.0.txt*.
